[ Silence ]
[ Music ]
>> Robert Phoenix: Welcome
back to "The Eleventh House."
This is Robert Phoenix,
and as you can see,
things have changed
just a little bit
since the last time we
met on Gaiam TV together.
And there's a reason for
the change, and well part
of the reason is because
they saw me in that café
in Austin freezing my privates
off and they decided to bring me
to Boulder, Colorado where I
could freeze my privates off,
but at least since
I have a studio.
But there's kind of
another story to the change,
and that story has
to do with you.
I want to read you just a couple
of comments from the last show,
or at least after the last show
that you left on the website.
And this is to prove that
not only do we listen,
but you have the power
of manifestation.
And here are these comments.
This is from Wha?,
that's W H A ?. Wha?
says, "It gives me pause about
the credibility of Mr. Phoenix
that he takes no notice
of the opportunity
to show us the pictures
he is trying to show us
at twice their size by
tapping the full-screen button
on the gallery viewing app
he has chosen to employ
for this presentation.
Producer, what gives?
Millions of people
are viewing --
are going to spend half
that video watching a picture
slowly load, appear glared out
and small flash before
their eyes,
then disappear before it
can properly be examined,
while he points at the tiny
screen to make reference
and indications while farce
mocking self-awareness plays
out in one's mind, and instead
of listening to the details,
one finds oneself trying
to guess what he will
just stop and say.
Wait, this is silly, can
you even see the picture?
Is there a way to
make it bigger?
I care about this video, and I
want people to see this stuff
on behalf or the viewers
of the past and future.
I implore you, Mr. Phoenix, to
give this one a personal gander,
and then record it again.
You will want to,
at the very least.
tape full screen."
Well, Mr. Wha?, or Miss
Wha?, look at this,
is that full enough for you?
There's more coming.
This is just the first image of
a load of images you're going
to be seeing for this episode
of "The Eleventh House."
We're going to get into
the 9/11 birth of Jesus.
Yes, that's the 9/11 birth.
But I'll tell you, here's
a little bit of an aside,
the reason why I could
not tap full screen out --
I tried, was because when I
did the program itself would
not advance.
I'm not talking about
this program,
but the program on my tablet.
So I tried, but it
couldn't be done.
However, thanks to your
notices and your comments,
I'm here right now today doing
this, in a much bigger way.
So that's the power
of manifestation.
And there's another one here.
Well, I found this very
entertaining and educational.
This is from B. Clammin,
or B.C. Lammin.
"I would have to agree with the
person below -- " that was Wha?,
"about the charts on the screen.
Obviously, the graphics
were added in after the fact
for our benefit, but they
needed to be left up longer
and full screen, as we
might actually be able
to see what Robert
was speaking about.
Even better would be a floating
arrow pointing between each item
on the chart that
he is referring to;
other than that I
really enjoyed this."
Well, I hope you're going to
enjoy the next episode here.
Instead of the pointing
arrow you're still going
to have my right
hand and my pointer.
This is the floating arrow.
So what we're going to do today
is we're going to get in --
by the way, thank you for those
comments on the show page for
"The Eleventh House"
and on the video.
And if you have anymore about
this or any other episode,
just let us know and we'll
be happy to bring them
up and incorporate them.
So today we're going to talk
about Jesus, who is probably one
of the most controversial
figures of all time,
and he's becoming even more
controversial in many ways.
In the astrological community
there is a thing called
"astrotheology," which kind
of makes a point to cast Jesus
as not just a person, but
really kind of an amalgamation
of planetary movements
across the sky
where he really isn't
a person, he's a star,
or he's a constellation.
And he's, you know, translated
into either being Osiris,
or Apollo, or he's not
actually who he purports to be.
And in fact there is this
whole doctrine in astrotheology
which says, "Well, His life
did not occur the way it was
supposed to occur, or
the beginning of His life
on December 25th," which is the
date that astrotheologists use
for the birth of Jesus, "then
we can't take it seriously."
Well, I'm going to bring you
another date over the course
of the next half hour or so.
We're going to be
looking at 9/11 3BC to see
if we can make a case that Jesus
or Sanat,
as I like to call Him,
was actually born
then, and not on 12/25.
The 12/25 date has its issues.
You know, I mean, it's
basically the celebration
of Sol Invictus, and Saturnalia.
These are Pagan holidays,
and then they make sense
if you wanted to convert a bunch
of Pagans to celebrate the birth
of Jesus, you would just move
it to 12/25 and it would be,
you know, kind of a smorgasbord
of belief for everybody.
But what's happened is, is that
the 12/25 date has turned into,
well, Black Friday, and
it's become an incredibly
commercial event.
It's anything but the
birth of, you know,
the Son of God on this planet.
It's become a crassly
commercialized,
capitalized orgy of consumption.
And this is supposed to be the
day that we celebrate the birth
of this light into the world.
Well, the day that I'm
talking about, 9/11,
it has a whole other
story associated with it.
And if that is the day that
Jesus was supposedly born,
what do we do on
9/11, we bow our heads
and we solemnify the tragedy of
the collapse
of the Twin Towers, the
Pentagon, Shanks Field,
and everything that's
gone on since then.
So in celebrating 9/11 --
instead of celebrating 9/11,
what do we do, we mourn it.
It's an interesting mind trick.
12/25 we're supposed to
celebrate, but we partake
in this orgiastic
ritual consumption.
9/11 theoretically we would be
celebrating, but what do we do,
we bow our heads in silence,
in prayer, and it becomes one
of the black marks
on the history
of the United States
and the world.
We're going to get
into that a little bit.
So let's jump into
it right away.
And the next image here you're
going to see, pretty simple,
pretty straightforward, this
is of course a modern depiction
of the Nativity scene as
it happened in Jerusalem.
And this would be 3BC, be,
you know, 3 years before 33,
which was theoretically the
end of the life of Jesus.
So we go back to 3BC.
And we're going to get into some
really interesting information
that I ran across.
And this comes from
a Biblical scholar.
And I wanted to read
this to you.
His name is "Joseph Dumond,"
and he wrote a book called,
"Remembering Sabbatical
Years of 2016, 2023,
2030, 2037, and 2044."
So according to him, these
are the sabbatical years.
But what he did is he got into
this passage from Revelations.
We're going to read
this together.
This is Revelations 12:15.
So we're starting at the end,
which perhaps gives us a clue
about the beginning, or
at least the beginning
of The New Testament.
"And there appeared a
great wonder in heaven,
a woman clothed with the sun
and the moon under her feet,
and upon her head a
crown of 12 stars."
Of course, the number 12
represents the number of houses
and planets in the zodiac.
"And she being with child
pride, travailing in birth
and pained to be delivered.
And there appeared
another wonder in heaven,
and behold a great red dragon
having 7 heads and 10 horns
and 7 crowns upon its head
and its tail drew the 3rd part
of the stars of heaven and
did cast them to the earth.
And the dragon stood before
the woman, which was ready
to be delivered for
to devour her child
as soon as it was born.
And she brought forth
a man child who was
to rule all nations
with a rod of iron.
And her child was caught up
onto God and to His throne."
Now, it's this passage
that Dumond thinks
that there was a clue to the
actual birth date of Jesus.
Now, this is directly from him.
This is what he says.
He says, "The key
to the very day
of Jesus' birth is the words,
"And the moon under her feet."
The word "under" signifies
that the woman's feet were
positioned just over the moon.
So it's the feet of Virgo
represent the last 7 degrees
of the constellation.
In the time of Christ this would
have been about 180 degrees
and 187 degrees along
the elliptic.
The moon has to be
positioned somewhere
under the 7-degree arch.
But the moon also has to
be in that exact location
when the sun is mid
body to Virgo.
In the year 3BC, these 2 factors
came to precise agreement
for less than 2 hours,
as observed from
Palestine on September 11th.
The precise arrangement began
at about 6:15 pm sunset,
and lasted until
7:45 pm noon set.
This is the only day
in the whole year
that this could have
taken place.
So with that in mind, what
I decided to do is I decided
to explore that day, 9/11, and
look at the chart and then look
at 9/11 through history to see
if we can find some
correspondences.
And what I came up with,
it's pretty interesting.
Now, unfortunately I could not
get to the same kind of angle
that Dumond was talking
about, but I got close.
And we're going to explore this.
This is the chart of
the birth time of Jesus.
Now, I have it at 6:50 pm.
And this was just
pretty, I don't know,
intuitive on my part, but
if you look at the chart,
there are some amazing
things happening here.
Here we have a grand trine
taking place, earth trine,
Virgo, Taurus, Capricorn.
We also have what's called
"a mystic rectangle."
And there is another kite
pattern happening
up here as well.
This is a very complex chart.
And I could tell you
that if I read this chart
for any individual, it
would be a memorable chart,
because of all the
activity, all the angles,
and some of the key
oppositions in the chart.
So let's just start
with the first house.
Here we have the sign of Aries
on the ascending at 3 degrees.
Initially, I had this at
0 degrees, but I played
around with it, and I
really liked the 3 degree
because of the trinity, Father,
Son, Holy Ghost, that whole sort
of thing, and of course, you
know, Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
So the number 3 comes
up over here.
And then the thing that
really jumped out at me
about this chart is this.
This is Uranus and Pisces.
And whenever we think of
Jesus, Sanat, Emmanuel,
we think of the Piscean Age.
And here we have Uranus, which
is the planet that's associated
with radical action, with
breakthrough, with electricity,
dynamism, chaos, upsetting
the previous order before.
So we have Uranus and
Pisces in the 12th House.
So the 12th House I like to
call "The House of God," or,
"The House of the Soul."
It's the hidden house.
It's the one house
where everything happens
at a very, very deep level.
So we have this radical aspect
happening in the 12th House.
Now, if we go across from the
12th House, what do we see?
We have an alignment
of Virgo here.
There is Pluto and Virgo.
Now, remember that it's going to
come up later on in this talk,
and it's going to make a
pretty interesting impact.
Pluto and Virgo, sun and
Virgo, Mercury and Virgo,
Venus and Virgo; and then we
have fixed stars, Arcturis
and Spica, all in Virgo,
all in the 6th House,
Virgo's own house.
And here we have the alignment,
or the aspect ratio of somebody
that is born to serve,
because that's what Virgo does.
Virgo is all about service.
And this person loaded the deck.
I mean, if they wanted to serve,
they couldn't have had
more Virgo on their chart.
And Virgo also represents
healing, as well,
not just service, and
not just mission, purpose
and dharma, but healing.
And when we have the sun,
conjunct Pluto with that close
to a degree, this is a
transformational personality.
This is somebody --
theoretically when
we have the sun
and Pluto together while they
may not necessarily be able
to raise the dead,
they certainly would
give it a good shot.
And who knows, given the right
herbs or the right, you know,
meditational practice or yoga,
or whatever was happening then,
or direct connection to spirit,
miracles could occur
here in the 6th House.
Now, what I -- what's
fascinating about this is,
is that we have this radical
aspect in the 12th House,
which is Pisces, and this is
somebody who's struggling,
right, they're struggling to
hear what the source is saying.
And the source may say,
"You might have to do things
that are unusual," right?
This would be something along
the lines of riding on top
of an ass, you know,
into the kingdom.
Well, why an ass?
You know, why not
walk into a kingdom?
Well, maybe the ass is about,
you know, humbling one's self,
or, you know, there's a method
to the madness here
in the 12th House.
But it doesn't come out
until it goes all the way
across the chart into the
6th where it manifests.
So we have this dynamic
between this Piscean urge
to hear the small still voice
in a radically different way,
and to make it manifest with all
of this service in
the 6th House.
Now, being Aries or Aries
on the ascendant is also very
important because when we think
of Aries we think of pure
undifferentiated will.
Body, mind, spirit,
that's what Aries does.
Aries doesn't even think.
Aries is just doing.
It's just doing, doing, doing.
And so with Aries on the
ascending here, we find somebody
who has a mastery of will, born
into the chart at some level.
So we see that right here.
And there's a lot of
other things happening.
Let's go down to the 5th House.
What do we have in
the 5th House?
We have Jupiter and Leo.
Remember that; that's
going to come up later.
And we also have
Regulus, also and Leo.
And Regulus and Leo, Jupiter
and Leo, in the 5th House,
which is also Leo,
what do we have?
We have the king of kings.
Leo represents the king,
and we have 2 aspects here,
the 1 and the 2, which is
the father and the son,
also taking place
in the 5th House.
Very interesting development,
sign of the king of kings,
royalty -- born of
royalty in the 5th House.
Now, one of the things
I also liked
about this chart is the fact
that Altair is on
the mid-heaven.
And Altair -- if
you were perhaps one
of the 3 Nagy [phonetic]
at that time,
you might actually notice
Altair at the mid-heaven.
And Altair is the symbol of --
we'll look at this
in just a second,
is the symbol of the eagle.
And the eagle is vision.
The eagle is truth.
The eagle is the higher
manifestation of Scorpio.
It is taking the baser
instincts of Scorpio,
which is the serpent,
transmutating it,
manifesting into the eagle, and
the eagle is flying right here
at the height of the
chart in the mid-heaven.
I love this.
Now, we have Mars and Capricorn,
we have Mars trining Pluto,
Mars trining the sun,
Mars trining Mercury,
Mars coming down and trining
Saturn, down in the 2nd House.
Now, Saturn in the 2nd House
is fascinating as well.
It's in Taurus.
And kind of a general
interpretation of Saturn
in the 2nd House is some kind
of poverty consciousness.
And that could be born of a
very simple and perhaps poor --
coming from a poor upbringing.
That would be Saturn
in the 2nd House.
Or it could be in some cases
where love or some kind
of material reward is
withheld from the individual.
So this would represent in some
ways a very humble beginning
with Taurus -- we're talking
about the earth, you know,
on land, or, you know, perhaps
straddling a little bed of hay
with some farm animals.
That's Saturn and
Taurus in the 2nd House.
But what Mars, and
Saturn, and the sun
and Pluto all do here is they
form this grand earth trine.
And this is somebody
who can manifest.
This is someone who can really
use, again, the elements
of the earth, the elements of
the will -- Mars is the will,
it's Aries rules Mars, and what
do we have Mars doing here,
it's trining the sun,
it's trining Pluto.
It gives us individual
power, endurance,
and there's a humility born
into this earth trine as well.
Now, what's also
fascinating here --
and we don't have time to go
through the entire components
of the chart, I'm just bringing
up the highlights, is over here
in the 11th House
that's his true node.
And it's in the sign of
Aquarius, which is fascinating.
So what we have here is
He's actually setting
up His relationship with
His 12 disciples, right?
That's the 11th House.
He's going to meet people who
are going to listen to Him
and they're going to -- if
not necessarily follow Him,
they're certainly going to
try to emulate His actions,
His words, His wisdom, and
to do it in their own way.
But not only that, but
I think the template
for the real Aquarian
Age, the Aquarian Age
that I don't think we're
actually really embodying right
now, is right here
in this chart.
I think that's where the
message is, it's at 14 degrees,
true node, in Aquarius,
in the 11th House,
which is the sign of Aquarius.
He's essentially
setting everything
up for the next 2,000 years.
And we're going to get into
that again as we move further
into the 9/11 experience
and this mystery here.
Now, in the 8th House, we have
Antares, and we have Neptune,
and there's the galactic center.
It's actually at 29, Scorpio.
The galactic center
currently I think is
at 26 or 27, Sagittarius.
So it's moved an entire
constellation since then.
But the 11th -- the 8th
House is an occult house.
It's sex, and death,
and transformation.
There can be violence.
And Antares, one of the
sub-rulers of Antares is Mars.
It's associated with Mars.
And what do we have here?
We have the potential
for real violence,
and even hidden enemies
in the 8th House.
And there is Neptune
and Scorpio.
Remember that.
It's an important aspect.
And of course if you take
29 and convert that into 11,
you have 11 with a galactic
center, 11 with Antares,
11 with Neptune, and that's 33.
That's how long Jesus lives
theoretically, right, 33 years.
And it's all there in the
8th House, which is the house
of birth, death, sex
and transformation.
Neptune, again, a very important
aspect which we'll be talking
about later in not too
short of period of time --
not too long of a
period of time.
Now, here we have
the moon in Scorpio,
and the moon is square
in Jupiter.
And this is kind of a
struggle in dealing with power
and dealing with the realm
of the census, right?
So Jupiter and Leo is also
-- it's not just royalty,
but it's dealing with
the royalty of that time.
And the royalty of that
time were the Pharacies.
And here there's a very strong
conflict between the moon
and Scorpio, which can be
possessive, it can be magnetic,
deeply sexual, but also
very, very territorial,
and it's squaring off against
this whole notion of power
and royalty and in
the 5th House.
So there is a conflict.
There's a conflict that's
bred into the chart.
There's also another
conflict bred into the chart
with the opposition between
Saturn and Neptune as well.
And again, Saturn and Neptune
-- Saturn in the 2nd House,
and Taurus is humble, it's
earthy, it's grounded.
And Neptune and Scorpio
in the 8th there is --
for lack of a better
term, there is deceit
and there's illusion
that's being included here
in the 8th House.
I would say this is the
house of hidden enemies.
You know, theoretically
it was Pontius Pilate
and it was Mr. Longinus's
spirit of destiny,
Romans who killed
Jesus, and Antares,
again, is ruled by Mars.
So here we have Mars
in the 8th House.
And that can be a
portent of what was
about to take place
later on in his life.
It's an absolutely
fascinating chart.
And does it mean that Jesus was
born on 9/11, I would say based
on this and where we're headed
there this is probably a pretty
good possibility that
He was born on 9/11,
certainly it's a way
better date than 12/25.
Let's go onto the next slide.
This is Altair.
This is why it looks
like an eagle here.
I just wanted to give you
a kind of a representation
and a visual for Altair.
So here we have Henry Hudson.
And he's actually
discovering Manhattan.
And the day is September
11th, and the year is 1609.
Now, obviously there
are other people living
in Manhattan at the time.
But he's one of the
first Europeans
to actually lay his
eyes upon Manhattan.
And as we know, 9/11 will play a
significant role in the history
of Manhattan moving forward.
Now, this is one of the
few images I was able
to find around this.
There's going to be at least
4 to 5 events that are key
to the nation state of
Israel and it's development
and evolution that all
revolve around 9/11.
And this has to do with
what's called "The Nahalal."
This is the first
moshav in Palestine.
Nahalal is a community there.
And earlier on the Jewish
Colonization Association
in 1891 established by
Baron Maurice de Hirsch,
decided that it would
be a good idea
to colonize The Holy Land
again, and de Hirsch was pals
with Rothschild and a number of
other barons during that time.
Now, there were some
ideological differences
between de Hirsch
and Theodor Herzl.
De Hirsch was not a
dyed-in-the-wool Zionist,
but he had a very strong desire
to repatriate Israel as it were.
And this is a photo from
that first moshav, again,
Nahalal and Palestine.
Now, in 1922 there's a very --
another very interesting date.
Again, on 9/11 the British
Mandate on Palestine begins.
So now we have 2 events, 9/11,
that are reeling backwards
towards The Holy Land,
theoretically, again, the
birthplace of the life of Jesus,
Sananda, Emmanuel.
Now, let's go to
the next slide here.
This is September
11th, and it's 1941.
That's the Pentagon
in the background.
So now we have the
Pentagon, that was erected --
actually they broke ground
on September 11th, 1941.
Manhattan was theoretically
discovered
by Henry Hudson on 9/11 in 1609.
And both places played,
of course, a very key role
in what happened
on 9/11 in 2001.
Okay; here we go, this
is another key date
in the formation of the
nation state of Israel.
The man in the center,
that's Konrad Adenauer.
And he was the chancellor
of Germany, postwar Germany.
And this, I believe,
is in 1949 --
excuse me, this is
actually 1952.
And this is when Konrad Adenauer
is signing over reparations
to the Jewish people
in 1952 on 9/11.
So, again, we have this kind
of cyclical canon of events
that are moving -- because
this sets the stage here
for the formation of the nation
state of Israel getting money
from Germany, funding
a lot of it.
It's all happening
pretty much on 9/11.
Let's go to another date and
time here see what we have.
This is fascinating.
This is 9/11, 1962, very
important moment in history.
This is the first single of
the Beatles "Love Me Do,"
"P.S. I Love you"
on the flip side.
This was actually
recorded on 9/11 in 1962.
And the drummer for this was
Tony Sheridan, and he was kicked
out of the band that day,
and Ringo Starr actually
replaces him.
So this is the Beatles lineup,
and in fact this is that session
where they're recording
"Love Me Do" on 9/11,
1962 with Ringo intact.
Now, what's interesting
about the Beatles is
that the Beatles represent
group consciousness.
If you go back and you look
at who was popular prior
to the Beatles, you get people
like Bing Crosby and Perry Como,
Frank Sinatra, even Elvis.
All of these guys
were the individual.
In a lot of ways they are
in some ways representative
of the Piscean Age.
But the Beatles they are the
symbol, they are the avatars
of the Aquarian Age,
and there's a lot
of really interesting Beatle
activity that aligns itself
with 9/11, as we'll move
forward and find out
and discover together.
And here we have
-- this is 1965.
And this is the first
cavalry landing in Vietnam.
Again, this is 9/11, and in some
ways this is really the official
start date of the Vietnam War.
Once the first cavalry gets
boots on the ground in Vietnam,
that's it, it's off and running.
It's gone from being sort
of a managed conflict
or managed land -- you know,
land grab is pretty much
what it was, so a full-out,
you know, a full-on war.
So 9/11, 1965 is yet another
day in the significance of 9/11.
And it's not a great
day, by the way, either.
Now, here we have the
Beatles once again.
This is the magical
mystery tour bus.
And it cruised around London.
And what was the
day; 9/11, 1967.
And of course we have the
Beatles up here in the left,
and then some of them down
below, and there we go.
There's George down
there hiding out.
Again, another really
interesting significant moment
kind of reifying this
notion of the Aquarian Age.
Now, all these people
gathered together.
You can also see this, by
the way, on "Sgt. Pepper."
But I have an interesting
aside about the Beatles.
My first wife, her father
was a music publisher.
And he had clients
like the Mills Brothers
and Lennon Sisters,
Engelbert Humperdinck.
In fact one time he
actually gave -- his ex --
his widow, gave me a shoehorn
that was given to
him by Tom Jones.
So I had Tom Jones' shoehorn
at one point in time.
But anyway, he was
a music publisher,
and he and his family were
traveling throughout Europe.
And they were going down to the
Mediterranean to go on a cruise.
And they went through
Germany, and he went to a club,
and he saw this band, and
he really liked the band.
And he gave the manager his
card and he said, "You know,
I am in the music business.
I'm a music publisher.
I think this band has promise.
Give me a call in about 2 weeks
when I get back from vacation."
He went on the cruise.
It was -- they were
going to Greece.
And while he was on that cruises
ship he had a massive heart
attack, and had to be
airlifted off that cruise ship.
Well, the band happened
to be the Beatles.
You know where I
was going with this.
The band was the Beatles.
And who knows, I mean, had
he gotten that phone call
from Brian Epstein
2 weeks later,
history may not have
been the same,
or perhaps there was a
supernatural force operating
behind all of this,
which made sure
that he would not be
involved with the Beatles.
It's a dark thought, but
one we have to entertain.
Ah, here we go.
This is John and Yoko.
And they did not meet on 9/11,
but they met on 11/9, which is,
again, kind of fascinating.
And they met on 11/9.
Now, there's some debate in
the Beatles historical world,
was it 11/9, was it
11/8, was it 11/7?
Well, the official date
is theoretically 11/9
at the Indica Gallery
when they met.
It's a reverse of
9/11 obviously.
And look who we have
here in the background,
there's the Twin Towers.
They're actually under
construction it looks like.
I thought it was a fitting
picture to have here.
Ah, here we have Paul and Saul.
I decided to throw this
in here for a reason.
And one of the things
that comes up with 9/11,
especially if we look at
it in the context of 12/25,
that we sort of explored briefly
at the beginning of all this,
is that everything is flipped.
Everything is kind of -- I
wouldn't say it's upside down,
but it's transversed, right?
Again, on 12/25 we celebrate a
Pagan holiday and capitalism.
And on 9/11, you know, we are --
we mourn, and we have sadness,
and we solemnify that day.
So everything is
sort of transversed.
Well, this is kind
of an interesting little
transversal in and of itself.
Now, in the alternative research
world, one of the hot topics --
and it has been for a long time,
is this man, Paul McCartney,
and whether or not
this is the actual guy
that I showed you before
in that picture where all 4
of them were gathered together.
And there's a whole cult of
researchers that have done work
on what they call
"Plastic Macca," or "Faul."
It's spun off and sprang
a lot of other research
with other popular figures
of music and entertainment,
Bob Dylan, Eric Clapton,
B.B. King, to name a few.
But McCartney is
really interesting.
And the reason I have him
here with Saul and Paul is
that they represent in some
ways duality of consciousness,
and split individuality
in 2 separate identities.
So we have Paul, aka, "Faul,"
who was either Paul at one point
in time, and then died, and this
guy brought into play the role
of Paul, but nonetheless, he
is 2 separate individuals.
And here we have also another
Paul who used to be Saul.
So they kind of represent
this kind of split
in the psyche, and
this transversal.
Now, Saul/Paul has also
been called "the real Judas
of the Bible," because
he's the guy
that theoretically
commercializes
and turns Christianity
into a franchise.
And that was expressly
against the words
of Jesus, Sanat, Emmanuel.
And there is a sense with
people that are in sort
of the dark part of
the Beatle community
that he did the same thing.
So it's just kind of an
interesting juxtaposition
between the 2, and of course
the connection between Jesus,
Sanat, Emmanuel and 9/11.
And by the way, Paul
McCartney is a Gemini,
and so he represents, again,
2 levels of consciousness
and duality.
Now, here we go.
This is where, again, things
get kind of interesting.
This is the chart for
"The Summer of Love."
And I decided when I was --
when I started off on this
to move forward in time,
to see if there's any
correlation between the birth
of Jesus in that
chart, in this chart,
and sure enough there was.
Remember I told you to
remember or at least keep
in mind Pluto and Virgo?
Well, guess what, there's
Pluto and Virgo right there.
And it is at 18 degrees, just 2
degrees off of where Pluto was
at the time of Jesus' birth.
Now, what's really fascinating
is, is that when we go back
and look at that other
chart, Pluto and Uranus were
in opposition with one another.
And here we have, right
here, July 22nd, 1967,
Uranus and Pluto
have joined together.
They're both in the
sign of Virgo.
So theoretically this would
have completed that cycle
where Uranus had
gone all the way
around the chart quite a few
times, but eventually synced
up with Pluto and Virgo.
So the whole notion and idea of
waiting on this abstract moment
in space and time where you
could hear the still small
voice, where you could
theoretically, you know,
embody sort of the next
step, "Not my will,
but thine will be done,"
that has been fused together
with this Plutonian sense of
purpose, with Pluto and Virgo.
So now they're one.
I think it's a really
fascinating evolution
between what started here in
the Uranus in the 12th House
and Pluto over here in the
6th House, they come together.
Now, obviously they're over
here in the 12th House,
but I just used 11
or 11 am as the time.
If we, you know, move the chart
around a little bit, you know,
they could actually wind up in
the 1st House, and there we go.
It's the manifestation of really
what might have been the magical
template from 9/11 minus 3BC.
Now, there's some other
things happening here
that are fascinating.
What sign was Jupiter in on
that day, 9/11 minus 3BC?
It was in the sign of Leo.
And there it is again,
Jupiter and Leo showing
up in The Summer of Love.
Here it's at 11 degrees.
It's about 9 degrees forward,
but nonetheless, you know,
royalty, the sign of
the king of kings.
This, by the way, represents
in a lot of aspects the height
of the baby boomers, with
Jupiter and Leo here,
because of course they
were born Pluto and Leo,
and Jupiter was moving
across Pluto during the
entire Summer of Love.
So here we have Jupiter
and Leo, 11 degrees.
Where is it, the 11th House,
the House of Aquarius.
Well, there was another
planet hat I told you
to remember and notice.
It's right down here.
It's Neptune and Scorpio, and
there it is again, Neptune
and Scorpio, The Summer of Love.
So we have 3 planets, Pluto
and Virgo, Neptune and Scorpio,
and Jupiter and Leo that were
all present during the time
of the birth of Jesus,
and they're present
during The Summer of Love.
So it's my sense here, my
estimation that, again,
during that time what we
were supposed to be living
out was this truly
Aquarian embodiment
of the Piscean star
seed
that was planted
on 9/11 minus 3BC.
And what happened was, is
we got in some ways sort
of channeled off into
some alternate track,
and the group consciousness
was part of it.
And again, I think the Beatles
play a large role in all
of this, and not
just the Beatles,
but rock and roll in general.
But they are the avatars
of the Aquarian Age.
And really what it was about
was about each individual coming
to their own awareness
around this.
And I feel like it was
very, very close, look,
because of what happened
on 11/22, '63,
which we covered
in the last show.
We were off on a
different track.
different timeline.
It was all set to go off
here in The Summer of Love.
And in some ways we got a taste.
We got a little bit of a taste.
But we didn't get
the whole thing.
And it didn't last very long.
Let's go to the next slide.
So what happens is, is that
during The Summer of Love,
there was this flowering
of consciousness.
And this is from the 1970's.
This is 1971.
This is Time Magazine,
the Jesus Revolution.
And you can see during
The Summer of Love
that these seeds -- that there
were seeds that were planted,
because when we come out of The
Summer of Love, I think it was
like 1969 or so, about a year
and a half to 2 years later,
Tim Rice and Andrew
Lloyd Webber created
"Jesus Christ Superstar,"
which debuts in 1970.
And then we have the Jesus
epic directed by Zeffirelli,
starring Robert Pal,
that's 1973, "Brother Sun,
Sister Moon," "Godspell."
I mean there's a whole wave
of Jesus symbolism, and even,
you know, Jesus energy
during that time.
And one of the -- I guess he
was a lesser-known TV star,
was a guy by the name
of Marjoe Gortner,
and he had been a
revivalist preacher
and decided to be a TV star.
That was his time, that
was his period too.
So we have this consciousness
that's evolving.
And in 1973, Jupiter was
in the sign of Sagittarius,
Neptune was in the
sign of Sagittarius.
That's when all this
really, really coalesces.
But, again, it's just this --
it's a spike, it's this wave,
and then it dies
out; then it crashes.
And there's another sort of wave
of consciousness
that comes into play.
And here's Ted Neeley.
This is from "Jesus
Christ Superstar."
And, again, this imagery
and this culture was really,
really big on the backside
of The Summer of Love.
And it's kind of like we gave --
we tried to give
birth to something,
and it has this cinematic,
you know,
and archetypical expression.
And then it tails off.
And then something else occurs.
You know, that something else,
by the way, is Watergate.
And that's for a different show.
Now, another thing that's
fascinating about 9/11 is
that there are 5 really
significant nuclear tests
that take place on 9/11.
And one of them is
called "the father" --
they don't call it "the mother,"
by the way, but it's the father
of all nuclear blasts, and
it takes place in Russia.
Russia was pretty good at
exploding nuclear bombs on 9/11.
The Americans did one and
the British did one as well.
So there were 5.
Again, 5 is -- we covered
this in the last episode,
5 is the number of man, and
it also represents the star,
it represents Aquarius.
I just thought it was noteworthy
that on this day theoretically
that we would somehow possibly
celebrate the birth of Jesus,
Sanat, Emmanuel we're
exploding hell bombs.
That's what the first
bomb is called,
by the way, the hell bomb.
Okay; now here we go, this
is moving forward in time.
This is in -- well
this is Israel.
This is in 2005.
And this is when they
say, "Enough is enough.
We're going to build
this wall and we're going
to cordon ourselves
off from Palestine."
This is 2005, 9/11, and that's
the day they make this cut.
And, you know, now we have
Palestine over here, Gaza,
which is pretty much a ghetto.
And then over here
we have Jerusalem
and then moving westward
the rest of Israel.
But again, it's another event
that takes place on 9/11
that has to do with the
nation state of Israel.
It's a really interesting
coalescence of events
in their history
that relate to 9/11.
And then of course
somewhere over there is --
or over here probably, right,
would be the birth of Jesus --
the birthplace of Jesus.
Okay; so let's go
onto the next slide.
And of course here's 9/11.
This is the Twin Towers,
and a hyper-magical ritual.
And we got into that
again on the last episode
of "The Eleventh House."
And really what this is, is
it's the collapse of duality
and it represents Gemini
and all the other, you know,
timeline markers that we
talked about in the last show.
But also out of this is going to
be the One World Trade Center,
which is sort of the monolithic
phallic Tower of Babel
that will be a tribute
to humanity.
In a lot of ways it's a
magician's wand, right,
poking up in the air and
bringing down the idea space
from the heavens down into
the structure of the earth.
But that's what's
replacing these 2 towers,
but 9/11, again, that day.
This is Bashar al-Assad.
He's also born on 9/11,
which is fascinating.
And just prior to 9/11 this
last year there was a lot
of action centered
around this guy and Syria.
And just think back, it
was about 2-1/2 months ago
where there was a call to war.
I mean, we were going to go to
war in Syria, and we were going
to go to war against
this guy born on 9/11.
Now, one of the things
that we look at with some
of these interesting events
is what I would call --
they're not really time
markers, but they're anomalies
that you need to look at.
It's kind of like
when you, you know,
watch the movie "The Matrix"
and there are these really
interesting déjà vu's, right,
I mean, these burps in time.
And I found 2 burps
in time around 9/11
that I thought were fascinating.
This is Ty Cobb on the right,
and on the left is Pete Rose.
And Ty Cobb actually had
his very last at bats
as a major leaguer on 9/11.
And Pete Rose broke Ty
Cobb's hit record on 9/11.
And so when I find these
correspondences in time
like that, I say, "Wow,
this is interesting.
We have to look at this,"
because there's a cyclical
event taking place.
There's something about this
time loop that's represented
by these 2 seemingly
disconnected and
yet synchronous events in time.
There's another one that I
thought was really fascinating.
Now, the above, this is Jenny
Lind, and she was called
"the Swedish Nightingale."
And she made her American
debut as a singer --
she was an opera singer,
she made her American debut
on 9/11 in 1850, okay?
And below her is Anna Lindh
L I N D H, Anna Lindh.
And Anna Lindh was the
prime minister of --
where -- this was in 2011.
She was the prime
minister of Sweden.
So we have Jenny Lind,
L I N D, Anna Lindh,
L I N D H. She makes her
American debut on 9/11 in 1850,
and she's murdered on 9/11,
and I believe it's
2011 she murdered.
And her death is
really mysterious.
They actually had 2 people
that they had arrested,
and let both of them go.
And then they found the
3rd guy, arrested him,
and he had really -- he
really didn't have much
of a story except, "I did it."
And that was really about it.
I mean, he seemed for
all intents and purposes
like he might have been
a mind control patsy.
But, again, I thought that
this was really interesting
that the 2 Lind's would show up,
that they would both be Swedish,
and they would both
have memorable moments,
the American debut
and her death.
By the way, she was a very
outspoken critic of Israel,
and was really, you know,
trying to put a 2-state
solution together.
She was also rumored
to be head of --
or they were going to think
about putting her
in head of the EU.
So she was going to be an
incredibly powerful woman,
and she died of a knife
wound to the stomach.
So when you see these
events, these mirror events
through time, at least
I think, you know,
it's a really interesting
sequence to focus on,
especially when we look
at something like 9/11
as a recurring event
through time.
[ Silence ]
So that brings us really to
the end of the slide show
and to the end of the show.
And what I tried to do today
was to get you to wrap your head
around possibility; the
possibility that the type
of celebration that you --
most of us have been
mindlessly participating
in for the majority of our
lives, may not be the right day,
and the right day may be the
day that we're actually thinking
about the horror, and the
tragedy, and the sadness,
and the collapse in some
ways of the American dream,
and turn it into the
American nightmare.
And oh by the way, the 9/11
event is really the birth
of the -- not the
birth, but it was the --
I would say the re-consecration,
in some ways, of
the false Aquarian Age.
So we tried to get you to wrap
your head around that today,
and to look at the sequence
of events through time to see
that there are correspondences,
not just with the birth chart
itself, but with also the chart
with The Summer of Love in 1967,
and all these other events,
which seem to desecrate and
denigrate that day, 9/11.
It's anything but a
day of celebration.
It's really a day where we
commemorate not just what
happened on 9/11 in 2001, but a
number of other events as well.
So that's it, this was this
edition of "The Eleventh House."
Join me next time where I
get into Pluto and Capricorn,
and Enki and Enlil,
and Baphomet's
and what we're experiencing
right now as a result
of Pluto and Capricorn.
But until then, take care of
yourself, and be sure to share
"The Eleventh House" with
as many people as you can,
because that's what "The
Eleventh House" is about.
Thank you very much.
I'm Robert Phoenix.
[ Music ]